ENH Autodetect the number of cores when invoking `pyodide build-recipes` (#3559)
pyodide/pyodide: docs/project/changelog.md

  `PYODIDE_PACKAGES="tag:core" make`.
  {pr}`3444`

> - {{ Enhancement }} `pyodide build-recipes` now autodetect number of
>   CPU cores in the system and use them for parallel builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{ Enhancement }} `pyodide build-recipes` now autodetects the number of
  CPU cores in the system and uses them for parallel builds.
```
